Hey there, I am Reuben Lasrado. A 23 year old Mechanical Engineer from India. I created this site to apply and practice web development concepts, while I was studying HTML as a personal project. It gives me my own tiny space on the massive internet. I am using this to share my favourite pictures that I have taken however I should declare that I am neither a professional photographer nor a very good one. I just take pictures with my smartphone camera. My favourite types are landscape and macro photography. Love to travel and explore new places, preferably natural locations rather than cities if I have a choice. If not, let's go, I won't turn down any trip, city or otherwise. My friends tell me I talk a lot which is true, I can ramble on about things for quite sometime. Even if I am alone, I enjoy pondering over topics. Lately, I've enjoyed writing about my travels, experiences and thoughts on certain topics. This site will also serve as a blog for my ramblings and few, very few, well thought out essays on certain topics. Three key interests of mine, I talk about below:

Basketball

Have been playing basketball since the 5th grade and absolutely love it. Growing up watching my cousins and the older students in school play basketball really piqued my interest. The game is complex and requires a high degree of team work and chemistry. A basketball player maybe a good ball handler, play maker, shooter or defender. However, the very best basketball players are exceptional in multiple areas of the game. The same applies to a basketball team as a whole. Good basketball teams maybe either a good offensive or defensive team but great basketball teams are generally far above average in both facets of the game. They have an efficient offense and a lockdown defense. Basketball is a very tactical game, the coach controls the lineups, substitutions, time outs and calls and draws up plays for the team to execute. The team has to execute the plays and adapt to changes on the court on the fly. The tactics, effort and thought that goes into the game increases as the level of play increases. NBA, the highest level of the sport, has the best players and coaches in the world. The basketball IQ, talent, preparation and execution in the NBA is unmatched. For these reasons and more, basketball is MY sport. 

Music

Music is the language of the world. Nothing brings people together like common interest in a song, band or genre of music. Concerts are a testimony to it, people from all over come together to watch their favourite band play. I started learning to play the drums in the 6th grade. Started learning the piano, my mom enrolled me for it, but soon my interest shifted when I heard the drums in the other room. Started listening to music in the 7th grade when my friend sent me the song 'Boulevard of Broken Dreams' by Green Day. My music library has now grown to a kinda unmanageable size. It contains all genres from Rock to Beethoven to EDM. Love them all!. Not a day goes by that I don't listen to music. It's become such an integral part of my life. I have met so many interesting people and formed good friendships through music. Some of my best memories involve music.

Science

Science is the driving force of the modern world. Every major invention and discovery in the past few decades has been due to a scientific discovery. The scientific curiosity is what drives people to study the reasons for the existance of certain objects and occurance of certain events in the world. This curiosity has led to the better understanding and eventual application of scientific principles to technologies. Growing up as the son of a science teacher helps increase the interest in science but it was totally natural. I always had an interest in how things around the house worked. I would take broken appliances and items apart to observe the inner parts and understand the purpose. As I grew older, the interest also grew and branched out. I became interested in outer space, particle physics and even consumer technology. The love for technology started when we got our first desktop PC at home. Going through all the menus to explore the OS and eventually opening up the case to check out the hardware. I have become the IT guy for my family and friends too.

Want to talk about basketball, music or science? If you have a couple of hours to spare, let's talk.